these are the kings of the land whom the
these are the kings of the land whom the children of Israel defeated and whose
children of Israel defeated and whose
children of Israel defeated and whose land they possessed on the other side of
land they possessed on the other side of
land they possessed on the other side of the Jordan toward the rising of the Sun
the Jordan toward the rising of the Sun
the Jordan toward the rising of the Sun from the river arnon to Mount Hermon and
from the river arnon to Mount Hermon and
from the river arnon to Mount Hermon and all the eastern Jordan plain one King
all the eastern Jordan plain one King
all the eastern Jordan plain one King was Sihon king of the ammonites
was Sihon king of the ammonites
was Sihon king of the ammonites who dwelt in Ashburn and ruled half of
who dwelt in Ashburn and ruled half of
who dwelt in Ashburn and ruled half of Gilead from a row which is on the bank
Gilead from a row which is on the bank
Gilead from a row which is on the bank of the river arnon from the middle of
of the river arnon from the middle of
of the river arnon from the middle of that River even as far as the river
that River even as far as the river
that River even as far as the river Jabbok which is the border of the
Jabbok which is the border of the
Jabbok which is the border of the ammonites and the eastern Jordan plain
ammonites and the eastern Jordan plain
ammonites and the eastern Jordan plain from the sea of kynareth as far as the
from the sea of kynareth as far as the
from the sea of kynareth as far as the sea of arable the salt sea the road to
sea of arable the salt sea the road to
sea of arable the salt sea the road to beth Jessie meth and southward below the
beth Jessie meth and southward below the
beth Jessie meth and southward below the slopes of Pisgah the other king was our
slopes of Pisgah the other king was our
slopes of Pisgah the other king was our king of dation and his territory who was
king of dation and his territory who was
king of dation and his territory who was of the remnant of the Giants who dwelt
of the remnant of the Giants who dwelt
of the remnant of the Giants who dwelt at Ashtaroth and at Adria and reigned
at Ashtaroth and at Adria and reigned
at Ashtaroth and at Adria and reigned over Mount Hermon over salka overall
over Mount Hermon over salka overall
over Mount Hermon over salka overall Batian as far as the border of the gisha
Batian as far as the border of the gisha
Batian as far as the border of the gisha rights and the Mayock effects and over
rights and the Mayock effects and over
rights and the Mayock effects and over half of Gilead to the border of sihon
half of Gilead to the border of sihon
half of Gilead to the border of sihon king of Heshbon these moses the servant
king of Heshbon these moses the servant
king of Heshbon these moses the servant of the lord and the children of Israel
of the lord and the children of Israel
of the lord and the children of Israel had conquered and Moses the servant of
had conquered and Moses the servant of
had conquered and Moses the servant of the Lord had given it as a possession to
the Lord had given it as a possession to
the Lord had given it as a possession to the rubra nights the gadites and half
the rubra nights the gadites and half
the rubra nights the gadites and half the tribe of manasseh and these are the
the tribe of manasseh and these are the
the tribe of manasseh and these are the kings of the country which joshua and
kings of the country which joshua and
kings of the country which joshua and the children of Israel conquered on this
the children of Israel conquered on this
the children of Israel conquered on this side of the Jordan on the west from bale
side of the Jordan on the west from bale
side of the Jordan on the west from bale God in the valley of Lebanon as far as
God in the valley of Lebanon as far as
God in the valley of Lebanon as far as Mount hey Lac and the ascent a seer
Mount hey Lac and the ascent a seer
Mount hey Lac and the ascent a seer which Joshua gave to the tribes of
which Joshua gave to the tribes of
which Joshua gave to the tribes of Israel as a possession according to
Israel as a possession according to
Israel as a possession according to their divisions in the mountain country
their divisions in the mountain country
their divisions in the mountain country in the lowlands in the Jordan plain in
in the lowlands in the Jordan plain in
in the lowlands in the Jordan plain in the slopes in the wilderness and in the
the slopes in the wilderness and in the
the slopes in the wilderness and in the South the Hittites the amorite s' the
South the Hittites the amorite s' the
South the Hittites the amorite s' the Canaanites the Perizzites the Hivites
Canaanites the Perizzites the Hivites
Canaanites the Perizzites the Hivites and the Jebusites
and the Jebusites
and the Jebusites the king of Jericho won the king of AI
the king of Jericho won the king of AI
the king of Jericho won the king of AI which is beside Bethel won the King of
which is beside Bethel won the King of
which is beside Bethel won the King of Jerusalem won the king of Hebron won the
Jerusalem won the king of Hebron won the
Jerusalem won the king of Hebron won the king of Jonathan the king of lakish won
king of Jonathan the king of lakish won
king of Jonathan the king of lakish won the king of Eglin won the king of Giza
the king of Eglin won the king of Giza
the king of Eglin won the king of Giza won the king of deburr won the king of
won the king of deburr won the king of
won the king of deburr won the king of guida won the king of homer
guida won the king of homer
guida won the king of homer won the king of a red one the king of
won the king of a red one the king of
won the king of a red one the king of lidner won the king of our dalam won the
lidner won the king of our dalam won the
lidner won the king of our dalam won the king of makita won the king of Bethel
king of makita won the king of Bethel
king of makita won the king of Bethel won the king of tattooer won the king of
won the king of tattooer won the king of
won the king of tattooer won the king of Haifa won the king of effect won the
Haifa won the king of effect won the
Haifa won the king of effect won the king of La Sharon won the king of maiden
king of La Sharon won the king of maiden
king of La Sharon won the king of maiden won the king of Hazel won the king of
won the king of Hazel won the king of
won the king of Hazel won the king of shimmer amiran won the king of akshatha
shimmer amiran won the king of akshatha
shimmer amiran won the king of akshatha won the king of tannic won the king of
won the king of tannic won the king of
won the king of tannic won the king of Megiddo won the king of Kadesh won the
Megiddo won the king of Kadesh won the
Megiddo won the king of Kadesh won the king of Jack Neum in Carmel won the king
king of Jack Neum in Carmel won the king
king of Jack Neum in Carmel won the king of door in the heights of door won the
of door in the heights of door won the
of door in the heights of door won the king of the people of Gilgal won the
king of the people of Gilgal won the
king of the people of Gilgal won the king of Tirzah won all the kings 31
king of Tirzah won all the kings 31
king of Tirzah won all the kings 31 you